well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about what
this year 2020
can teach us about the last tent because
there's a really important lesson
to be learned in 2020 although i'm not
sure
it has been learned by the american
people
that lesson is pretty simple don't trust
politicians when it comes to science
they will make stuff up we've seen it
all year
what have you heard so far you know
well soon in all those cases it'll be
zero cases
it'll disappear like a miracle it'll
disappear once summer comes
once it warms up can't impact kids
it's just something we have to go
through have to let it run its course
it's naturally occurring
that's what the politicians have been
saying
one of the experts been saying they've
been pretty consistent on their
messaging
um this is something we have to pay
attention to
we have to act or it's going to get out
of hand
yeah that that's kind of what happened
kind of what happened now those who
choose to believe the politicians
will say you know their models weren't
exactly right
yeah models are only as good as the data
you put into them and early on you don't
have the best data
aside from that when once a model
becomes public
and people see it a lot of times they'll
adjust their behavior because of that
wow we really don't want to do that so
they'll take small steps for themselves
which will change the outcome of that
model
okay the end goal there
the end thing that everybody should
learn is you can't
trust politicians they will always put
the economy
their pocketbook over you
seems like it should go without saying
because they do it all the time and
everybody understands this
on other subjects but when it comes to
science
for some reason they trust the
government which just
i don't think i'll ever understand that
let me give you some facts about the
last 10 years
2019 was one of the hottest three years
on record since records began in the
1800s
the two hotter years were 2015 and 2016.
the six hottest years on record
are the last six
surface sea temperatures
second highest on record
air temperatures over the poles second
highest sea levels
have risen to new record-breaking
heights
for the eighth year in a row
glaciers are melting at an alarming rate
for the 32nd year in a row
what are the politicians telling you
don't worry it's just something we have
to go through
it's natural don't worry about it it's
not going to be a big deal
it'll disappear on its own it'll fix
itself all that sounds familiar right
how's that working out for us not so
good
messaging from scientists from the
experts has been pretty consistent
we have to act or it's going to get out
of hand
we have to act or this is going to get
out of hand and once it gets out of hand
it's like an 18-wheeler
you can hit the brakes all you want but
it doesn't stop on a dime
it keeps going this is something we have
to act on
now we have to get people in government
in high positions who are willing to act
on this
immediately needs to be a pretty big
priority this needs to be one of your uh
one of the considerations that you take
into account
when you're considering your vote um
if a politician is telling you that
none of this is true that it's a hoax
it's the same scenario they're putting
the economy
short-term gains their pocketbook
over you
i hope the american people learn this
lesson
because if we wait
like we have with the current issue by
the time we get to the point
where everybody knows that the
politicians lied
where everybody is well aware of it
because they can see it with their own
eyes
it's going to be too late it's going to
get way
out of hand it is going to be a disaster
movie
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night